The day of judgment has finally
arrived.
Now it's time for revenge with
an iron hammer!
(SINISTER CHUCKLE) An iron
hammer?
You know, I bet there's a way to
get rid of that guy forever...
Well, then...
...what I say that we should
do...
is give him a taste of a
humiliating public defeat.
What?! You mean we're going to
challenge him again?!
That's right!
(SHOCKED) The candle! Get the
candle!
I can't see a thing!
(FRIGHTENED)
Aww, come on, guys! Just when
the mood was perfect!
Anyway, are you sure about all
this, Granny?
The prize for this year's Eating
Contest...
is being donated by Ankorodo.
I have an idea...
This year's special Family Day
Eating Contest...
will be the perfect venue to
defeat him.
Just you wait! You'll pay,
Choji Akimichi!
♪♪ (JAPANESE THEME MUSIC) ♪♪
"A Heaping Helping! The Eating
Contest!"
Today's the day of our new
holiday!
It's "Family Day!"
So everyone...
... get out there together
and have a great time, ya know!
(HEARTY LAUGH)
[TV] You're the murderer!
[TV] What?!
Hello! Today's Family Day...
(ANNOYED)
Hey, mom, lemme ask you
something...
what made you want to
marry a man like Dad?
Huh? (CONSIDERING)
(SNORING)
Sometimes I wonder, too...
Hey, honey!
These pastries were s'posed to
be for tomorrow!
I bought them so we
could enjoy them together!
How could you eat them
yourself?!
Oh, uh... Well, I...
I got tired of consommé-flavored
chips...
and thought I'd go back and
forth through something sweet-
Then go and suck on some sugar!
(ANGRY)
I'm sorry about that...
All of this is so exhausting.
I'm gonna go out and buy some
more.
Oh, you are?
Then while you're out, can you
get me some more...
consommé-flavored potato
chips?
(ANGRY) Why you...!
(SHOCKED)
Have all you want - outside!
(TOWN CHATTER)
(SIGH) They say it's Family Day,
and yet...
Oh, man, I'm done for!
Why do I have to be such a
horrible person?
C'mon, dad...
knock off all of this whining
already, would ya?
[BORUTO] What's up, you guys?
Huh?
Oh, hey, Boruto! Well, you
see, uh...
(DISTRAUGHT SIGH)
Wow, that's terrible, Uncle. I'm
really sorry to hear that...
(DOWNCAST)
I really didn't think that Mom
was gonna get so upset...
[CHO-CHO] Dad, if you don't do
something about this quick...
Mom might dump you.
What?! She wouldn't!
(SIGH)
Listen, Dad...
the fact that Mom actually
married you has to mean...
that you had some charming
redeeming qualities, right?
Huh? You really think so?!
Now, what sort of redeeming
qualities do you think you have?
(CONSIDERING) Maybe
that I'm a kind person?
No, totally wrong.
She wouldn't marry somebody...
merely because of something like
kindness.
That would never happen!
No, it's got to be some kind of
quality that no one else has.
Huh?!
That's it!
[CHOJI] What's "it?"
I just found a quality about you
that no one else could ever...
possibly match!
C'mon! We've just gotta enter
this!
[CHOJI] An Eating Contest?
That's right! It is about that
time of year...
[CHO-CHO] Oh, look! It's for
"Family Day!"
And that means that I can...
enter the contest along with you
this year!
Yeah, but... Mom already hates
me for being lazy.
If I enter this, it'll make
things even worse!
Look, dad... if you're so
wishy-washy...
Mom'll just have something else
to hate about you!
Wait, what?
It's Family Day! So let's do our
best together, okay?
When Mom sees what a great role
model
you are for your daughter...
she's bound to fall in love
with you again!
Yeah, your redeeming quality
just has to be your appetite...
right?
Yeah, you're right!
I'll win this - and I'll win
back Mom's heart once again!
(TOWN CHATTER)
(EATING)
I should've known! 'Course
you're participating...
Well of course!
Wherever there's gourmet food to
be found...
you can bet that's where we'll
be, right?
We don't have a chance, do we?
Well we'll never really know
unless we try.
I'm so nervous! I feel nauseous!
Calm down, Metal.
Just calm down. Maybe it is
better if you let it out!
Go ahead! Throw up and empty
your stomach!
(GROSSED OUT)
[BORUTO] Hey, Shikadai!
Boruto?
How come you aren't you hanging
out with Lord Seventh today?
Oh. Dad took Himawari out
shopping.
She's been looking forward to
this day for a while, so...
Got it.
You gonna enter the Eating
Contest?
I guess so... But the whole
thing's a real drag.
[ANNOUNCER] The Eating Contest
is about to begin!
Participants, please gather
around!
Well, all right then, see you
later.
Yeah! Just do your best!
(SIGH)
All right!
You gotta put your all into
this, dad.
Uh-huh!
Yeah!
It's finally time for...
the Hidden Leaf Village'S Eating
Contest!
This year, to commemorate Family
Day...
we have thirty pairs of parents
and children
participating in the event!
The whole area is trembling with
excitement! Hold tight!
The battle will begin in just a
few moments!
Here we go! Without further ado,
here's today's first dish!
Choji Akimichi!
Today, this place will become
your grave! (GIGGLE)
From Ichiraku Ramen...
a super-sized bowl with extra
thick pork slices!
It's... just so beautiful!
Remember, this contest is being
televised live...
and the entire village is
watching.
The whole village is watching?!
Stay calm, Metal!
I cannot! I cannot! (STRUGGLING)
What's this?! Contestant
Metal Lee's suddenly vomm-!
Please Standby
Wow, and he hadn't even eaten
anything yet...
Don't look, Shikadai... Please,
for his sake.
Okay, the goal is to finish
first! Ready,... set,... begin!
(BLOWING ON FOOD)
Remember, the top five teams
move on to the next round!
(SLURPING)
All finished! Thank you so
much for the food!
Wow! No sooner said than done!
The first to move on- No, wait!
It's a two-way tie!
(SURPRISED)
(CHUCKLE) This is just a
pre-breakfast snack for me!
Father... I'm even hungrier
now!
(CURIOUS)
No way. There's actually a team
that can compete with us?
I'm getting fired up! C'mon!
(EATING)
The top five teams from round
one...
will advance to the next
round!
Hey, Dad? Can we just drop out
of this whole thing now?
(MISERABLE)
Is there really any point to
all of this?
Boy, I really wonder...
(LAUGHTER) What's the deal
with all these wimps?
Hey, you're that guy from
earlier!
My son and I are wandering
gourmands!
We were drawn here
by the scent of delicious food.
I'm Kui AKA Glut, the Pot
Licker!
I'm his son Daore! AKA Ton,
the Lunchbox Picker!
Together, we are...
"The Gluttons," is that right?
(ANNOYED)
Hey, Cho-Cho...
you really oughta let them say
their thing...
Quiet you! All of you guys
are nothing but weaklings!
So, you're the reigning champ
around here, huh?
Uh, yeah, I am.
Better get ready!
The two of us are in a whole
different league...
than the losers you've
faced before now.
Wait, what?!
When this is over...
we're gonna leave you groveling
in the dirt...
bowing before the mighty
bellies of The Glutton family!
(LAUGHING)
Just who the hell are they?
We won't lose, no matter who
they are!
Round Two features ten orders of
dry-aged sirloin from Barbe-Q!
The first three teams to finish
eating it all...
will advance to the semi-finals!
Now, round two! Ready,
set... Begin!
(EATING)
(UNHAPPY)
(EATING
Is this... heaven?!
(EATING)
I see why you've been the one to
beat!
I'll give you that. But
you're still no match for us!
No way!
(EATING)
So, Dad... you must be really
hungry, right?
Growing children need to make
sure they eat well.
(SHOVING BACK AND FORTH)
(EATING)
(BITING) So good!
(DETERMINED)
(EATING)
(OVERSTUFFED)
Thank you for the food!
Finishing first is Team
Akimichi!
Damn it... I can't believe they
beat us!
Hey, Honey! Did you see how I
wolfed all that food down...
like a real hero?!
Oh, boy, what does he think he's
doing...?!
Second Place Advances to
Semi-Finals
Third Place Advances to
Second Round Disqualification
The way things are going...
I think I'm definitely
gonna win back Mom's heart!
Great, dad, just stay focused on
that!
(FRUSTRATED)
(SEETHING)
To be able to keep up with Choji
and Cho-Cho like that...
Man, just who are these guys?
Man, are those guys monsters or
something?!
Yeah, I've never seen anyone
eat like them before, Father.
What's going on with the two of
you?!
If Choji ends up winning
this contest...
our shop is going to go
bankrupt!
That's what I'd like to ask you!
It's not just Choji Akimichi!
No one told us that his daughter
is just as ferocious an eater!
Come on! Where are those skills
you're so proud of?
I've no choice but to go to plan
B...
Now to start the semi-final
round!
Ugh! What is this?
The semi-final features a
special...
Super-Hot n' Spicy Burger from
Thunder Burger!
The two teams that eat the most
burgers within the time limit
will advance to the final round!
Do we actually know for sure
that it's okay for humans to eat
these things?
No matter what they put in front
of me, I can't lose this!
That looks so good!
Oh, man, now I wish I'd entered
the contest, too!
Eating something like that is
gonna ruin your health!
Ugh, this whole thing is so
stupid...
All right, get ready...
Right, Cho-Cho! Let's do this!
Begin!
(CHOMPING) (YELLING)
(REALIZING)
Wait, Karui is watching.
I have to keep a cool expression
on my face!
(EXASPERATED SIGH)
(EATING)
Getting worked up over something
like this?!
Guess Choji Akimichi wasn't a
threat to us, after all.
This isn't even spicy enough for
me!
Seriously?!
Kui and Daore on Team Glutton
are on a rampage!
Who will win this?!
(WORRIED)
Cho-Cho, time to show them what
the Akimichi are made of!
(AGREEING)
(CHOMPING)
The semi-final round is over!
Advancing to the finals are Team
Glutton and Team Akimichi!
(WOOZY)
How is this even considered
eating?!
(STOMACH GROWLS) Watching them
eat made me so hungry!
Gimme more!
Huh?
Well, then here! A piping
hot meat bun!
Chomp-chomp!
Now, slow down!
You're going to burn your mouth
if you eat so quickly!
Sensei? Uh...
Yummy! Yummy!
Oh, hey there, Boruto!
Fancy running into you twice in
one day, huh?!
Okay, for real, what is going on
with you, Shino Sensei?
I heard that my former students
were in the contest, so...
I'm supporting them as their
former teacher.
No, I don't mean that! I mean,
what the heck is going on with-
It appears that you're hungry.
I'm sorry, but I can't share
this meat bun with you.
This is for Kuraa-ma- I mean...!
...uh, I'm afraid that this is
all for me to eat.
But if you insist...
I suppose that I could give you
one, too...
The reason is because I actually
bought two-!
(HAPPY)
Ugh. Oh, man... That was
horrible...
What are you two up to?!
Oh! Mom!
Hey, uh, so did the cool and
nonchalant way...
that I handled those Super-Hot
n' Spicy burgers make you swoon?
You call that cool, huh?
The next round is gonna be for
the win!
So get ready to watch
me triumph, okay?
Oh, really? Triumph, you say?
An eating contest is basically a
gathering of reckless fools...
isn't it?
Triumphing over a group like
this is a dubious win at best.
I- It's dubious?
Anyway, try not to make too big
a fool of yourself.
(COLLAPSING)
Dad! Are you okay?
(MISERABLE) W- What's my
redeeming quality?
Hey, wait... where did all of
the food stands go?!
(SNIFFING)
What do we do with the
leftovers?
Who'd ever wanna eat something
this spicy, anyway?!
You're right! Too bad it's such
a waste but we'll have to -
(PRACTICALLY DROOLING)
Do you... really wanna eat
these?
(AFFIRMATIVE)
Well, just don't get sick, okay?
The Super-Hot 'n' Spicy Burger!
I can't believe that I
actually get to eat it!
I'm so lucky!
Thank you for the food!
Hold on... it's not spicy at
all!
For Kui and Daore
(CONFUSED)
Special Bowls for the Sweet
Azuki Bean Soup
The final round is here at last!
The last battle features...
Ankorodo's Sweet Azuki Bean Soup
with Dumplings!
The parent and child team that
finishes the most bowls
within the time limit wins!
Dad, cheer up! Everything's
gonna be okay!
But my redeeming quality...
(SCHEMING CHUCKLE)
Ready, set, begin!
(EATING)
Hey, come on, dad! Put some
feeling into it!
(EATING)
Something like this could never
fill me up...
no matter how much of it I eat!
What is going on here?!
They're not even slowing down
one little bit!
You're the reigning champion of
eating contests?
Ha! You're nothing but a joke!
Team Akimichi // Team Dotonbori
There's no way we can allow
Choji and his daughter to win...
I'lll stoop to anything to
prevent that!
So I switched their bowls to
shallower ones!
This will surely spell the end
of Choji Akimichi!
Team Akimichi // Team Dotonbori
Hey, where are those seconds I
wanted?
Right here! Go on, eat up, ya
know!
B- But this is...!
(EATING)
(MISERABLE)
Dad, please! Even if it's the
tastiest meal ever...
I can't finish it all by myself!
Cho-Cho...
Delicious meals are supposed to
be enjoyed together, right?!
I mean, aren't they?!
I bought them so we could enjoy
them together!
How could you eat them
yourself?!
(REALIZING)
Go, honey! Don't you dare make
Cho-Cho eat by herself!
Show 'em what you're made of!
You know, I owe you both an
apology.
What, Dad?
(AGGRESSIVELY EAING)
All right! Now that's my dad!
(EATING)
Whoa, look at them go! The final
two teams are neck and neck!
Those two buffoons are
completely useless!
Since it's come to this...
Let's go! Ankorodo Secret
Ninjutsu:
Mochi Style: Infinite Dumplings!
(CONFUSED) What is going on
now?!
(WORRIED))
You know, actually, how do I
stop this jutsu, anyway...?
It's been thirty years, and I've
forgotten how...
Whoa! What's happening, here?!
(MISERABLE)
Damn it! I've gotta do something
about this!
Leaf Hurricane!
Great Leaf Hurricane!
It keeps springing back! There
is no end to it!
Oh, come on! A piece of food
is trying to eat ME?!
Go back to being a grain of
rice! Take this!
Seriously? Is this for real?!
Now I'm stuck?!
Cho-Cho, what are you doing?!
(GASP) Mom!
(WORRIED)
Damn it.
I'll use my jutsu to blast it.
Why don't you make a run for it?
Forget it! I can't just leave
you here by yourself, Mom!
Hey! What are you doing to my
family?!
Dad!
(DETERMINED EATING)
No, honey! If you eat that
much, your stomach'll burst!
(EATING)
(SHOCKED)
I ate the snacks by myself,
Karui!
Honey!
And I'm sorry!
Sorry!
Whoa. Dad?
Good grief! Just how much can
you eat?
(LAUGHTER)
(LAUGHTER) Well... Lots I
guess!
How could it end up like this?
You've got some explaining to
do, Granny. Start talking.
(NERVOUS)
Winners Team Akimichi
(CHEERING)
Just as I expected!
I can't believe that they ate
everything!
Hm?
Anyway, like they say...
...all's well that ends well,
right?
I'm sorry... I really am a
horrible person, aren't I?
Can somebody like me have
any redeeming qualities?
Even if you don't see them...
it doesn't matter as long as I
can see them.
(SHOCKED)
So are you gonna tell me?
What's his redeeming quality?
That's enough out of you,
Cho-Cho!
(CHUCKLE)
All right!! Now that
I'm relieved, I'm hungry!
Let's go eat our prize! Sweet
azuki bean soup with dumplings!
Seriously, you're really gonna
eat more?!
Yup, they sure do make a fine
couple! (CHUCKLE)
♪♪ (JAPANESE END CREDITS) ♪♪
[KAKASHI] Something bothering
you, Sasuke?
[SASUKE] What do you want?
[KAKASHI] Has being away for
long stretches of time...
made it hard to relate to your
daughter?
Why don't you just leave this
one to me?
[SASUKE] It has nothing to do
with you.
[KAKASHI] This book is called
Make-Out Tactics!
It's like a guidebook to life!
Next time on "Boruto: Naruto
Next Generations..."
"Tactics for Getting Along with
your Daughter"
Don't you want to learn some
tactics...
...to help you get along
with your daughter?